	SQA for managers to provide adequate visibility for software project, software process and products, in order to take the necessary corrective measures to find the actual deviations from the intended target. Includes an assessment of software quality assurance and audit software products and activities throughout the software life cycle, in order to verify these software products and activities appropriate protocols and standards compliance. In addition, the project also includes other relevant person in charge and responsible for the results of these reviews and audits.Quality Assurance (SQA-Software Quality Assurance) is to establish a planned, systematic approach to develop a standard to ensure that the management, procedures, practices and methods can properly be applied to all projects. Software Quality Assurance is designed to make software for the management of the process is visible. It is through the software products and activities for review and audit to verify that the software is up to standard. Software quality assurance group together at the beginning of the project involved in the establishment plan, standards and procedures. These projects will enable the software to meet the requirements of institutional policy.
	At an important stage (project, requirements, design, coding phase), SQA is assessed by way of a collective assessment of the stage of the assessment, carried out phase checks. To maintain the quality stage, it is common that the result goes to completely rework; conditionally approved, modified after entering the next phase; entirely through three kinds of power.More and more enterprises use CMM. CMM model requires the establishment of the QA role. Here QA is similar to the process of the police, the main duty is, check whether the development and management activitieswith established strategies, standards and procedures, contents and form at check work products follow the template specified. In these enterprises, usually also required QA independently of a project group, in order to ensure the objectivity of evaluation.To some extent, independent of the QA review mechanism is the product of the waterfall model. With the development of modern software development technology, the rise of the spiral model and iterative model, the mechanism of QA is quietly changing. This change is evolved from the independent full-time to part-time QA.
	We all know that the main contents of a project is: cost, schedule, quality. Good project management is a combination of three factors, the balance of the three goals, the final goal to complete the task in accordance with. The three aspect of the project is restricted and influenced by each other, sometimes equilibrium strategies on these three aspects and even becomean enterprise level requirements, determine the behavior of enterprises, we know that IBM software is based on the quality of the most important goals,and Microsoft "good enough" software strategy is being heard for many times. The strategic goal of these quality objectives are actually based onenterprises. So for the quality assurance of SQA work should be based on the enterprise's strategic target, thinking from the perspective of SQA, the formation of the understanding of SQA theory.


